Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining the call. Today, Apple is reporting revenue of $119.6 billion for the December quarter, up 2% from a year ago, despite having one less week in the quarter. EPS was $2.18, up 16% from a year ago, and an all-time record.
We achieved revenue records across more than two dozen countries and regions, including all-time records in Europe and rest of Asia Pacific. We also continue to see strong double-digit growth in many emerging markets, with all-time records in Malaysia, Mexico, the Philippines, Poland, and Turkey, as well as December quarter records in India, Indonesia, Saudi Arabia, and Chile.
In services, we set an all-time revenue record with paid subscriptions growing double digits year over year, and I’m pleased to announce today that we have set a new record for our install base, which has now surpassed 2.2 billion active devices.
We are announcing these results on the eve of what is sure to be an historic day as we enter the era of spatial computing. Starting tomorrow, Apple Vision Pro, the most advanced personal electronics device ever, will be available in Apple stores for customers in the U.S., with expansion to other countries later this year. Apple Vision Pro is a revolutionary device built on decades of Apple innovation, and it’s years ahead of anything else. Apple Vision Pro has a groundbreaking new input system and thousands of innovations, and it will unlock incredible experiences for users and developers that are simply not possible on any other device.
There’s already so much excitement behind this product from reviewers. customers, and developers. They are praising everything from the incredible experience of watching a movie on a 100-foot screen to remarkable new machine learning capabilities like hand tracking and room mapping. We can’t wait for people to experience the magic for themselves.
Moments like these are what we live for at Apple. They are why we do what we do. They’re why we’re so unflinchingly dedicated to groundbreaking innovation and why we’re so focused on pushing technology to its limits as we work to enrich the lives of our users. As we look ahead, we will continue to invest in these and other technologies that will shape the future. That includes artificial intelligence, where we continue to spend a tremendous amount of time and effort, and we’re excited to share the details of our ongoing work in that space later this year.
Now let’s turn to the results for the December quarter, beginning with iPhone. We’re proud to report that revenue came in at $69.7 billion, 6% higher than a year ago. The iPhone 15 lineup has earned glowing reviews and been embraced by customers. The iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus feature a gorgeous new design with color-infused back glass and contoured edges, Dynamic Island, A16 Bionic, and a new 48-megapixel camera system. And the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max set the gold standard for smartphones with a beautiful and lighter titanium design, industry-leading performance with A17 Pro, and our most advanced camera system with the equivalent of seven pro lenses and the ability to record spatial video. Features like Emergency SOS and and roadside assistance via satellite bring peace of mind to users when they travel, and I’m grateful for every note I’ve received about their life-saving impact.
Turning to Mac, revenue came in at $7.8 billion, up 1% year over year, driven by the strength of our latest M3-powered MacBook Pro models in spite of having one less week of sales. Just last week, we got to wish Mac a happy 40th birthday. When it was introduced 40 years ago, Mac changed everything, and through the years it has done so again and again. Recently, we have been on a tremendous pace of innovation. Since the introduction of Apple Silicon in 2020, we’ve been proud to offer our users unmatched performance and power, along with a remarkable neural engine for artificial intelligence and machine learning.
This past fall, we had an amazing launch of the latest generation of Apple Silicon for Mac, M3, M3 Pro, and M3 Max. These chips break new ground in power and performance, empowering users to do more than they ever could before, whether they’re making a musical masterpiece using the latest features in Logic Pro or beating their high score in a graphics-intensive game. A favorite among students, business owners, artists, and video editors, our MacBook Pro lineup is the world’s best pro notebook family. And iMac, the world’s most capable and best-selling all-in-one, is now faster than ever thanks to M3.
In iPad, revenue for the December quarter was $7 billion, down 25% year-over-year due to a difficult compare with the launch of the M2 iPad Pro and the 10th generation iPad during the December quarter last year, and one less week of sales. iPad remains the most versatile, capable, and elegant tablet on the market today. It continues to be the go-to device for students, creatives, and more, with customers loving iPad’s incredible combination of portability and performance. Powerful apps like Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro for iPad allow video and music creators to unleash their creativity in new ways that are only possible on iPad. iPad continues to push the boundaries of what’s possible on a tablet.
In Wearables, Home, and Accessories, revenue came in at $12 billion, down 11% from a year ago due to a difficult compare with the launch timing of several products in this category and the impact of the 14th week last year. Across our latest Apple Watch lineup, we’re enabling and encouraging our users to live a healthier day while making Apple Watch even more intuitive to use. The new double-tap gesture on Apple Watch Series 9 and Apple Watch Ultra 2 make it easier to answer calls, play and pause music, or take a photo with iPhone. I’ve been deeply moved by the many touching stories about how features like irregular rhythm notification and fall detection helped Apple Watch users when they needed it most. And for the first time ever, users can choose a carbon-neutral option of any new Apple Watch. Meanwhile, our AirPods lineup continued to be a holiday favorite.
In Services, we set an all-time revenue record of $23.1 billion, an 11% year-over-year increase. Because we had one less week this quarter, this growth represents an acceleration from the September quarter, and we achieved all-time revenue records across advertising, cloud services, payment services, and video, as well as December quarter records in App Store and AppleCare.
